docs/SIDDHI_AE_SETUP.md, before:

# TPS Siddhi AE

The Transparent Security TPS AE is currently being run as a simple Java main
program within our "lab_trial" scenario tests. This program's only responsibility
is to start a Siddhi runtime and load Siddhi scripts.

## Host Software Requirements
1. Java 8+
1. git
1. maven
1. kafka

## Setup and run 
There are several things that must be done to the host prior to attempting to start
the Siddhi TPS AE running as a standalone Java application

- Install Java 8+ (CI is running OpenJDK 11.0.11)
- Install Git client (apt install git)
- Install Maven client (apt install maven)
- Install and start Kafka to port 9092 (see https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-apache-kafka-on-ubuntu-20-04)
- Clone the following Git project: https://github.com/cablelabs/siddhi-map-p4-trpt.git
- Open shell to the cloned directory (e.g. cd ~/siddhi-map-p4-trpt)
- Execute
```bash
mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass=io.siddhi.extension.map.p4.StartSiddhiRuntime \
-Dexec.args="/etc/transparent-security/convert_trpt.siddhi \
/etc/transparent-security/simple_ddos_detection.siddhi \
/etc/transparent-security/simple_ddos_clear.siddhi \
" -f pom.xml
```

## Making changes
The StartSiddhiRuntime Java main() simply starts a Siddhi Runtime then takes
the file contents of each of the arguments and loads them into the engine.
Therefore, changes can be made to any or all of the siddhi files and/or other
Siddhi scripts can be added/deleted.

Commit message:

Added Randy's suggestion from the MR comment and clarified to the Java main kickoff section below the new addition

docs/SIDDHI_AE_SETUP.md, after:

# TPS Siddhi AE

The Transparent Security TPS AE is an implementation of transparent security
analytics engine based on Siddhi. It is able to identify a DDoS attack in about
1 second by examining telemetry reports generated by a switch or router. This
will also identify when a mitigated attack has based on drop telemetry reports
from the SDN controller.

The directions below are how to run this as a simple Java program (as with our
"lab_trial" scenario tests), but these scripts can also be deployed to any
Siddhi compliant engine containing our UDP & P4-TRPT extensions (and a running
Kafka instance). Additionally, Siddhi scripts can also be converted to run in
Kubernetes where the siddhi-operator has been installed.

## Host Software Requirements

1. Java 8+
1. git
1. maven
1. kafka

## Setup and run

There are several things that must be done to the host prior to attempting to
start the Siddhi TPS AE running as a standalone Java application

- Install Java 8+ (CI is running OpenJDK 11.0.11)
- Install Git client (apt install git)
- Install Maven client (apt install maven)
- Install and start Kafka to port 9092 (
  see https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-apache-kafka-on-ubuntu-20-04)
- Clone the following Git
  project: https://github.com/cablelabs/siddhi-map-p4-trpt.git
- Open shell to the cloned directory (e.g. cd ~/siddhi-map-p4-trpt)
- Execute

```bash
mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass=io.siddhi.extension.map.p4.StartSiddhiRuntime \
-Dexec.args="/etc/transparent-security/convert_trpt.siddhi \
/etc/transparent-security/simple_ddos_detection.siddhi \
/etc/transparent-security/simple_ddos_clear.siddhi \
" -f pom.xml
```

## Making changes

The StartSiddhiRuntime Java main() simply starts a Siddhi Runtime then takes
the file contents of each of the arguments and loads them into the engine.
Therefore, changes can be made to any or all of the siddhi files and/or other
Siddhi scripts can be added/deleted.
